Move .NET SDK CI article from tools, under DevOps. Update accordingly. (#30220)
dotnet/docs: docs/devops/dotnet-cli-and-continuous-integration.md

---

> title: Use the .NET SDK with Continuous Integration (CI)

Author: ```suggestion
title: Use the .NET SDK in Continuous Integration (CI) environments
```

description: Learn how to use the .NET SDK and its tools on the build server with continuous integration.
ms.date: 07/13/2022
---

> # Use the .NET SDK with Continuous Integration (CI)

Author: ```suggestion
# Use the .NET SDK in Continuous Integration (CI) environments
```

> This document outlines using the .NET SDK and its tools on a build server. The .NET toolset works both interactively, where a developer types commands at a command prompt, or automatically, where a Continuous Integration (CI) server runs a build script. The commands, options, inputs, and outputs are the same, and the only things you supply are a way to acquire the tooling and a system to build your app. This document focuses on scenarios of tool acquisition for CI with recommendations on how to design and structure your build scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article outlines how to use the .NET SDK and its tools on a build server. The .NET toolset works both interactively, where a developer types commands at a command prompt, and automatically, where a Continuous Integration (CI) server runs a build script. The commands, options, inputs, and outputs are the same, and the only things you supply are a way to acquire the tooling and a system to build your app. This article focuses on scenarios of tool acquisition for CI with recommendations on how to design and structure your build scripts.
```
